handoff.md, before:

## Context

Phase 1 of the PrestaShop Demo Multiplexer is complete. The system is now ready for integration testing with Docker and Valkey running.

## What's Done (Phase 1 Complete)

### Project Structure ✅
- Go module initialized (`github.com/boss/demo-multiplexer`)
- Full directory structure created per plan
- Git repository initialized with clean commit history

### Core Implementations ✅

| Component | File | Status |
|-----------|------|--------|
| Valkey Repository | `internal/store/valkey.go` | ✅ Complete |
| Docker Runtime | `internal/container/docker.go` | ✅ Complete |
| Caddy Route Manager | `internal/proxy/caddy.go` | ✅ Complete |
| Pool Manager | `internal/pool/impl.go` | ✅ Complete |
| API Handlers | `internal/api/handler.go` | ✅ Complete |

### Features Implemented

**Valkey Repository** (`internal/store/valkey.go`):
- Instance CRUD with JSON serialization
- Atomic pool operations (LPUSH/LPOP)
- State tracking via Redis sets
- Port allocation with SPOP/SADD
- Rate limiting with hourly/daily counters
- Pool statistics aggregation

**Docker Runtime** (`internal/container/docker.go`):
- Container start with port mapping
- Container stop and cleanup
- Health checks via HTTP
- Environment configuration for PrestaShop

**Caddy Route Manager** (`internal/proxy/caddy.go`):
- Dynamic route addition via Caddy admin API
- Route removal and listing
- Uses @id for efficient targeting

**Pool Manager** (`internal/pool/impl.go`):
- Instant acquire from warm pool
- Release with full cleanup (route, container, port)
- Background replenisher loop
- Expired instance cleanup

**API Endpoints** (`internal/api/handler.go`):
- `POST /api/v1/demo/acquire` - Get demo instance (rate limited)
- `GET /api/v1/demo/:id` - Get instance details
- `POST /api/v1/demo/:id/extend` - Extend TTL
- `DELETE /api/v1/demo/:id` - Early release
- `GET /api/v1/demo/:id/status` - SSE TTL countdown
- `GET /api/v1/pool/stats` - Pool statistics
- `GET /metrics` - Prometheus metrics
- `GET /health` - Health check

### Tests ✅ (All Passing)
- 60+ tests across all packages
- Mock implementations for unit testing
- Integration tests (skip when dependencies unavailable)

```bash
go test ./...
# All packages pass
```

## How to Run

```bash
# Start infrastructure
make infra-up

# Wait for services to be ready
make infra-logs  # Check logs

# Run in dev mode
make dev

# In another terminal, test endpoints:
curl http://localhost:8080/health
curl http://localhost:8080/api/v1/pool/stats
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/demo/acquire
```

## What's Next (Phase 2)

1. **Integration Testing**
   - Run full system with Docker + Valkey + Caddy
   - Verify warm pool provisioning works end-to-end
   - Test rate limiting behavior

2. **Podman + CRIU Mode** (for production)
   - Implement `internal/container/podman.go`
   - Add checkpoint restore functionality
   - Achieve 50-200ms restore times

3. **NATS Integration** (optional)
   - Implement `internal/queue/nats.go`
   - Async provisioning via message queue

4. **Production Hardening**
   - TLS configuration for Caddy
   - Proper logging with levels
   - Metrics instrumentation
   - Health check improvements

## Git Log

```
3bc0af2 Wire up API handlers with Pool Manager and Repository
fe0dfb9 Implement Pool Manager for warm pool orchestration
3ed039b Implement Caddy Route Manager for dynamic reverse proxy
3462d3d Implement Docker Runtime for container operations
bb04093 Implement Valkey Repository for state persistence
f46cc51 Initial commit: Phase 1 foundation for PrestaShop Demo Multiplexer
```

## Reference

- Research: `research/second-research.md` (architecture decisions)
- Beads issues: `.beads/` (all 5 issues closed)

Commit message:

chore: complete rename - fix remaining demo-multiplexer references

handoff.md, after:

## Context

Phase 1 of the PrestaShop Try It Now is complete. The system is now ready for integration testing with Docker and Valkey running.

## What's Done (Phase 1 Complete)

### Project Structure ✅
- Go module initialized (`github.com/boss/try-it-now`)
- Full directory structure created per plan
- Git repository initialized with clean commit history

### Core Implementations ✅

| Component | File | Status |
|-----------|------|--------|
| Valkey Repository | `internal/store/valkey.go` | ✅ Complete |
| Docker Runtime | `internal/container/docker.go` | ✅ Complete |
| Caddy Route Manager | `internal/proxy/caddy.go` | ✅ Complete |
| Pool Manager | `internal/pool/impl.go` | ✅ Complete |
| API Handlers | `internal/api/handler.go` | ✅ Complete |

### Features Implemented

**Valkey Repository** (`internal/store/valkey.go`):
- Instance CRUD with JSON serialization
- Atomic pool operations (LPUSH/LPOP)
- State tracking via Redis sets
- Port allocation with SPOP/SADD
- Rate limiting with hourly/daily counters
- Pool statistics aggregation

**Docker Runtime** (`internal/container/docker.go`):
- Container start with port mapping
- Container stop and cleanup
- Health checks via HTTP
- Environment configuration for PrestaShop

**Caddy Route Manager** (`internal/proxy/caddy.go`):
- Dynamic route addition via Caddy admin API
- Route removal and listing
- Uses @id for efficient targeting

**Pool Manager** (`internal/pool/impl.go`):
- Instant acquire from warm pool
- Release with full cleanup (route, container, port)
- Background replenisher loop
- Expired instance cleanup

**API Endpoints** (`internal/api/handler.go`):
- `POST /api/v1/demo/acquire` - Get demo instance (rate limited)
- `GET /api/v1/demo/:id` - Get instance details
- `POST /api/v1/demo/:id/extend` - Extend TTL
- `DELETE /api/v1/demo/:id` - Early release
- `GET /api/v1/demo/:id/status` - SSE TTL countdown
- `GET /api/v1/pool/stats` - Pool statistics
- `GET /metrics` - Prometheus metrics
- `GET /health` - Health check

### Tests ✅ (All Passing)
- 60+ tests across all packages
- Mock implementations for unit testing
- Integration tests (skip when dependencies unavailable)

```bash
go test ./...
# All packages pass
```

## How to Run

```bash
# Start infrastructure
make infra-up

# Wait for services to be ready
make infra-logs  # Check logs

# Run in dev mode
make dev

# In another terminal, test endpoints:
curl http://localhost:8080/health
curl http://localhost:8080/api/v1/pool/stats
curl -X POST http://localhost:8080/api/v1/demo/acquire
```

## What's Next (Phase 2)

1. **Integration Testing**
   - Run full system with Docker + Valkey + Caddy
   - Verify warm pool provisioning works end-to-end
   - Test rate limiting behavior

2. **Podman + CRIU Mode** (for production)
   - Implement `internal/container/podman.go`
   - Add checkpoint restore functionality
   - Achieve 50-200ms restore times

3. **NATS Integration** (optional)
   - Implement `internal/queue/nats.go`
   - Async provisioning via message queue

4. **Production Hardening**
   - TLS configuration for Caddy
   - Proper logging with levels
   - Metrics instrumentation
   - Health check improvements

## Git Log

```
3bc0af2 Wire up API handlers with Pool Manager and Repository
fe0dfb9 Implement Pool Manager for warm pool orchestration
3ed039b Implement Caddy Route Manager for dynamic reverse proxy
3462d3d Implement Docker Runtime for container operations
bb04093 Implement Valkey Repository for state persistence
f46cc51 Initial commit: Phase 1 foundation for PrestaShop Try It Now
```

## Reference

- Research: `research/second-research.md` (architecture decisions)
- Beads issues: `.beads/` (all 5 issues closed)
